---
layout: post
title: "Happy Fathers Day"
date: 2012-06-17 15:38
comments: true
categories: Personal
description: "Wonderful fathers day"
keywords: "kids, wife, family, fathers day, appreciate, blessed" 
---

Today is Father's Day. It is probably the best holiday of the year now for me. You can have Christmas, you can definitely keep my birthday, Father's Day is the bees knees. My wife is also probably the worlds best gift giver in the entire world when it comes to holidays like these. She always finds just the right gift that is always very thoughtful and very cool. I don't know if I'm just crazy or weird, but it is definitely a love hate thing with me. I love it that I am the recipient of the awesome gift, but at the same time it puts a tremendous amount of pressure on for Mothers Day. I am not a good gift giver. My family has given me money for almost every holiday since I was in high school. There is no thought. There is no love in those gifts. It is just money. Boring money. My family always gives me the excuse that they don't want to buy me something I don't want and would rather I just get something I do want. Since I've met my wife I've discovered that that path is extremely lazy. Apparently? This Father's Day did not disappoint again. Got some amazing photography picture of my sons for my office and a book that probably took 6 weeks to put together. Basically I need to start working on her Mother's Day gift this week or I'm going to be in trouble.

##Back to work

Tomorrow is also my wife's first day back to work in ten weeks. Needless to say I don't think she was too into the Father's Day activities as she usually is? I can't imagine what it is like being a woman. I honestly don't know how ten weeks off of work and having to go back would affect me. I would like to think I would be upset, but I don't think it would be for the same reasons she is upset. Don't get me wrong, I love both of my children with all my heart and I wish I could spend every moment with them, but at the same time, I just don't want to HAVE to work and I think that would be a huge portion of my disappointment.

This is our second child. Our first child is over 2.5 years old now and raising trouble every chance he gets. With the first child things didn't go quite as smoothly as the second child. So when it was time for her to go back to work, although she definitely didn't want to go back, she did. She only asked like once or twice to quit work. This time around though things have went quite a bit better, so I think going back to work is even harder for her because she was having so much fun this time around. Every time she asks if she can quit I always bring up finances as my way to keep her going to work. We do rely heavily on her salary. I have never really spent the time figuring if it would work or not, but on the surface it definitely appears as though it wouldn't because we tend to live "paycheck-to-paycheck" now. I think we could possibly make it work, but it would change everything in our life. It would be an enormous adjustment for all of us. Then the idea of being at home all day everyday with two kids and no money to go do things, might not sound as appealing.

It also sort of makes me feel like a failure as a father and a provider. I wish I did make more for our family so a decision like this would be simple. Unfortunately I don't. I just don't know how bad I should feel about my current situation. It isn't as though I'm a failure in my life. I'm definitely not the cream of the crop. She is a good looking woman. She definitely could have done better than me if she wanted. But I don't think our lives would be improved by her quitting. It would be worse for everyone. Raising two kids is a challenge. People always seem to say it is not that hard and I don't believe them. It is hard. At least it has been hard to this point. Two kids are a game changer. We are running a man-to-man defense here at the house. Actually its more like a Sun Tzu Art of War conqueor and divide strategy, but so far it is working. Perhaps it wil get easier when the kids get older, but right now it doesn't seem like that day will be here soon enough.

##Thankful

This is all very random for me to write this and with the amount of traffic I'm seeing on google analytic the likelihood that anyone reads this, besides me, is very slim, so please comment if you are the one person that happens to read this page. I really feel blessed this father's day in a lot of ways. My family is amazing. I have two great sons and a wonderful caring wife. She has done so many special things for me and I know I'll never be able to thank her enough. I hope in the future I can find a way to make her happy and make being a mom and more challenging, being married to me easier for her. I don't know if I will ever be able to say, "make tomorrow your last day", but who knows. Perhaps tomorrow will be that day?